1. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. A member server named ContosoA runs Windows Server 2003. You need to use the Backup utility to back up all data on ContosoA three times per day. Files that are currently opened by applications must not be backed up. What should you do? 

A. Run a differential backup. B. Disable volume shadow copies. C. Select the Exclude Files option. D. Select the Compute selection information before backup and restore operations option. 

Answer: B 

2. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003. A member server named Contoso23 has a locally attached tape device. You need to back up all data on Contoso23 at least once every week. Every day, you need to back up only the data that was changed after the last backup. You need to minimize the amount of data that must be backed up every day. Which backup types should you use? (To answer, drag the appropriate backup type to the corresponding backup schedule.) 

A. 

Answer:A 

3. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003. Recover Console is installed on each domain controller. The disk configuration for each domain controller is shown in the following table: MAIN is configured with both the system partition and the boot partition. Every Friday at 6:00 P.M., you run the Automated System Recover (ASR) wizard in conjunction with removable storage medi A. Every night at midnight, you use third-party software to perform full backups of user profiles and user data on removable storage medi A. One Friday at 8:00 P.M., an administrator reports that the CA database on a domain controller named ContosoDC2 is corrupted. You need to restore the database as quickly as possible. Which two actions should you perform? (Choose two) 

A. Restart ContosoDC2 by using Directory Services Restore Mode. B. Restart ContosoDC2 by using the installation CD-ROM. C. Perform a non authoritative restoration of Active Directory. D. Perform a authoritative restoration of Active Directory. E. Use the ASR disk to restore the contents of the ASR backup file. 

answer: A, C 

4. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003, and all client computers run Windows XP Professional. The network includes a member server named ContosoSrvB. You need to create a shared folder on ContosoSrvB to store project documents. You must fulfill the following requirements: • Users must be able to access previous versions of the documents in the shared folder. • Copies of the documents must be retained every hour during business hours. • A history of the last 10 versions of each document must be maintained. • Documents that are not contained in the shared folder must not be retained. Which two actions should you perform? ((Choose two) 

A. Create the shared folder in the root of the system disk on ContosoSrvB. B. Create a new volume on ContosoSrvB. Create the shared folder on the new volume. C. Enable the Offline Files option to make the shared folder available offline. D. Enable the Offline Files option to make the shared folder automatically available offline. E. Use Disk Management to configure shadow copies of the volume that contains the shared folder. 

answer: B, E 

5. You are the network administrator for Contoso. All network servers run Windows Server 2003, and all are configured to run normal backups. A database server named ContosoSQL runs Microsoft SQL Server 7.0. You discover that some database files on ContosoSQL are not backed up during scheduled backups. You open the Scheduled Job Options dialog box for one of the scheduled backups, as shown in the exhibit. You need to modify the properties of the scheduled backup job to ensure that all database files on ContosoSQL are backed up, even when users are accessing those files. What should you do? 

A. Enable the /SNAP switch on the run command. B. Enable the /V switch on the run command. C. Configure a copy backup. D. Configure a daily backup. 

Answer: A 

6. You are a network administrator for Fabrikam, Inc. The Fabrikam, Inc., network consists of a forest that contains a single Active Directory domain named fabrikam.com. Fabrikam, Inc., was recently acquired by Contoso. The Contoso network consists of a forest that contains two Active Directory domains named Contoso.com and east.Contoso.com.controllers and DNS servers in their respective domains, as shown in the exhibit. How should you configure the DNS forwarder IP addresses? (To answer, drag the appropriate IP addresses to the correct locations in the dialog box.) 

A. I am not sure about this one. 

Answer: A 

7. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. A Windows Server 2003 computer named ContosoA is currently the only domain controller for Contoso.com. ContosoA is also the DNS server for the Active Directory integrated zone named Contoso.com. You configure a new Windows Server 2003 computer named ContosoB to query ContosoA for DNS name resolution. You run the Active Directory Installation Wizard on ContosoB and restart ContosoB. Forty-five minutes later, you discover the service location (SRV) resource records, which are shown in the exhibit. You need to ensure that the SRV records on ContosoA are complete. What should you do? 

A. Restart the Net Logon service on Contoso A. B. Restart the Net Logon service on ContosoB. C. Run the ipconfig /registerdns command on Contoso A. D. Run the ipconfig /registerdns command on ContosoB. 

Answer: D 

8. You are the network administrator for Contoso Inc. The network consists of a single Active Directory forest. The forest contains three domains named Contoso.com, corp.Contoso.com, and regions.Contoso.com. The company has offices in many cities. All domain controllers are configured as DNS servers. Zone replication for each DNS zone is configured to occur between the domain controllers in each domain. The domain controllers are configured as shown in the following table. You perform a recursive query against Contoso1 and discover that Contoso1 queries only Contoso3 for the zone information in regions.Contoso.com. You need to ensure that a recursive query against Serve1 will request information from Contoso4 and to regions.Contoso.com will be added automatically to the list of servers against which Contoso1 will query. What should you do? 

A. On Contoso1, create a stub zone for regions.Contoso.com. B. On Contoso1, create a secondary zone for regions.Contoso.com. C. On Contoso3, configure regions.Contoso.com to replicate to all DNS servers in the forest. D. On Contoso3, configure regions.Contoso.com to replicate to all DNS servers in the domain. 

Answer: A 

9. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. The network contains a Windows Server 2003 computer named A. ContosoSrvA is a domain controller and primary DNS server for Contoso.com. The company opens a new branch office. A Windows Server 2003 computer named Serve2 is located at the new office. ContosoSrvB is a domain controller and a DNS server. You set up a DNS zone for east.Contoso.com on Serve2. You need to ensure that computers in Contoso.com can resolve host names in east.Contoso.com on ContosoSrvB. What are two possible ways to achieve this goal? (Each correct answer presents a complete solution.) (Choose two) 

A. Add a start-of-authority (SOA) record to ContosoSrvA that refers to B. Add a new delegation on ContosoSrvA for east.Contoso.com to ContosoSrvB. C. Add a new stub zone to ContosoSrvA named east.Contoso.com. D. Add a service locator (SRV) record to ContosoSrvA that refers to 

answer: B, C 

10. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003, and all client computers run Windows XP Professional. XML Web services for the internal network run on a member server named ContosoSrv1, which is configured with default settings. You are a member of the local Administrators group on ContosoSrv1. You need the ability to remotely manage ContosoSrv1. You have no budget to purchase any additional licensing for your network until the next fiscal year. How should you reconfigure ContosoSrv1? 

A. In the System Properties dialog box, enable Remote Desktop. B. Add your user account to the Remote Desktop Users local group. C. In the System Properties dialog box, enable Remote Assistance. D. Install Terminal Services by using Add or Remove Programs. 

Answer: A 

11. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003. The domain contains a member server named Contoso1, which is located in an organizational unit (OU) named Servers. Contoso1 is managed by an application administrator named King. His domain user account is a member of the local Administrators group on the server. Members of this group are the only users who have the Log on locally user right on Contoso1. The written company security policy states that only authorized individuals can access Contoso1. However, you discover that help desk technicians use the Remote Assistance feature to share their server logon session with unauthorized individuals. You need to reconfigure Contoso1 so the Remote Assistance feature cannot be enabled or used by the help desk technicians. However, King should have the ability to enable and use this feature. What should you do? 

A. In the System Properties dialog box on Contoso1, disable the Turn on Remote Assistance and allow invitations to be sent from this computer option. B. In the System Properties dialog box on Contoso1, disable the Allow users to connect remotely to this computer option. C. Edit the Group Policy object (GPO) for the Servers OU by disabling the Offer Remote Assistance setting. D. Edit the Group Policy object (GPO) for the Servers OU by disabling the Solicited Remote Assistance setting. 

Answer: A 

12. You are the network administrator for Contoso. All network servers run Windows Server 2003. You install Software Update Services (SUS) on one server. You configure the following settings: • Do not use a proxy server for Internet access. • Synchronize directly from the Microsoft Windows Update servers. • Automatically approve new versions of previously approved updates. • Save updates in a local folder. You perform a manual synchronization. Now you need to back up the critical information that is related to your installation of SUS. What should you do? 

A. First, use the Backup utility to back up the System State dat A. Then, use the IIS administration tool to back up the default Web site. B. First, use the IIS administration tool to back up the default Web site. Then, use the Backup utility to back up the System State dat A. C. First, use the IIS administration tool to back up the IIS metabase. Then, use the Backup utility to back up the IIS metabase file, the default Web site, and the content storage location. D. First, use the Backup utility to back up the IIS metabase file, the default Web site, and the content storage location. Then, use the IIS administration tool to back up the IIS metabase. 

Answer: C 

13. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The company consists of a main office and five branch offices. Network servers are installed in each office. All servers run Windows Server 2003. The technical support staff is located in the main office. Users in the branch offices do not have the Log on locally right on local servers. Servers in the branch offices collect auditing information. You need to ability to review the auditing information located on each branch office server while you are working at the main office. You also need to save the auditing information on each branch office server in the local hard disk. Which two actions should you perform? ((Choose two) 

A. From the Security Configuration and Analysis snap-in, save the appropriate .inf file on the local hard disk. B. Solicit Remote Assistance from each branch office server. C. From Computer Management, open Event Viewer. Save the appropriate .evt file on the local hard disk. D. Run Secedit.exe, specifying the appropriate parameters. E. Establish a Remote Desktop client session with each branch office server. 

answer :C, E 

14. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003. All company Web sites are hosted on a server named Contoso5, which runs IIS. You create two new Web sites, Marketing and Sales. You create the appropriate host records on the DNS server. You test both Web sites offline and successfully access all content. However, when you test the Web site online, you cannot access either site. You are directed to pages on the default Web site. You open IIS Manager and see the display shown in the exhibit: You need to ensure that you can start all Web sites on Contoso5. What are three possible ways for you to achieve this goal? (Each correct answer presents a complete solution. (Choose three) 

A. Specify Marketing.Contoso.com and Sales.Contoso.com as the host header names for the two new Web sites. B. For each new Web site, create a file named Default.html in the directory path. C. For each new Web site, specify a unique TCP port. Ensure that all client computers use the appropriate port to connect to each site, D. For all Web sites, create custom HTTP headers. E. For all Web sites, specify unique IP addresses. Modify the appropriate host records on the DNS server. F. For all Web sites, enable anonymous access. 

answer: A, C, E 

15. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The company operates a main office and two branch offices. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003, and all client computers run Windows XP Professional. A server named ContosoSrvA is located in one of the branch offices, where it is a member of a workgroup. ContosoSrvA is configured with default operating system settings. Remote Desktop and Remote Assistance are enabled, and Windows Messenger is installed. The company intranet site is hosted on this server. Mr. King is the local administrator who manages the intranet site. He requests your assistance in installing an application on ContosoSrv A. You need the ability to view Mr. King's desktop during the installation process. What should you do? 

A. From your computer, open a Remote Desktop connection with ContosoSrv A. B. Direct Mr. King to create and send an invitation for Remote Assistance from ContosoSrv A. C. From your computer, offer Remote Assistance to ContosoSrv A. D. Direct Mr King to start Application Sharing from Windows Messenger. E. From your computer, open a Remote Desktop connection with ContosoSrv A. F. Direct Mr King to create and send an invitation for Remote Assistance from ContosoSrv A. G. From your computer, offer Remote Assistance to ContosoSrv A. H. Direct Mr King to start Application Sharing from Windows Messenger. 

Answer: B 

16. You are the network administrator for Contoso. Your network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003, and all client computers run Windows 2000 Professional. You install Windows Server 2003 with default settings on a new computer named ContosoSrv1. You install and share several printers on ContosoSrv1. You instruct all users to connect to these printers by using the address http://ContosoSrv1/Printers. However, users report that they cannot connect to this address. You need to ensure that all users can connect to the printers by using HTTP. Which two actions should you perform? (Choose two) 

A. Publish all shared printers that are installed on ContosoSrv1. B. Create a virtual directory named Printers on ContosoSrv1. C. Install IIS with default settings on ContosoSrv1. D. Reshare all printers on ContosoSrv1. E. Install the Internet Printing component of IIS. F. Type Net Stat W3SVC at a command prompt. 

answer: C, E 

17. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. The domain contains three servers. Information about the servers is shown in the following table. Contoso adds a new branch office. The network in the new office is assigned to a child DNS domain named south.Contoso.com. The two domains connect to each other through a VPN connection. A Windows XP Professional computer named Contoso1 is located in the Contoso.com domain. The relevant portion of the network is shown in the exhibit. A user reports that he cannot connect to ContosoC from Contoso1. You need to ensure that client computers in the Contoso.com domain can resolve host named in south.Contoso.com. What are two possible ways to achieve this goal? (Each correct answer presents a complete solution. (Choose two) 

A. On ContosoB, add a host (A) record for Contoso A. B. On ContosoA, add a delegation for south.Contoso.com. C. On ContosoB, add a pointer (PTR) record for Contoso A. Contoso.com. D. On ContosoA, add a host (A) record for ContosoB. E. On ContosoA, add a stub zone for south.Contoso.com. 

answer: B, E 

18. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network consists of a single Active Directory domain named Contoso.com. All network servers run Windows Server 2003, and all client computers run Windows XP Professional. A member server named ContosoSrv1 runs Software Update Services (SUS). ContosoSrv1 is configured to synchronize directly from the Microsoft Windows Update servers every day. All client computers are configured to use the Automatic Updates client software to receive updates from ContosoSrv1. All client computers are located in an organizational unit (OU) named Clients. Microsoft releases a critical security update for Windows XP Professional computers. Client computers on the network do not receive this update. However, they receive other updates from You need to ensure that all client computers receive the critical security update. What should you do? 

A. In the System Properties dialog box on each client computer, enable the Keep my computer up to date option. B. Edit the Group Policy object (GPO) for the Clients OU by enabling the Reschedule Automatic Updates scheduled installations setting. C. On ContosoSrv1, open the SUS content folder. Select the file that contains the security update, and assign the Allow - Read permissions on the file to all client computers. D. Use Internet Explorer to connect to the SUS administration page. Approve the security update. 

Answer: D 

19. You are the network administrator for Contoso. The network originally consists of a single Windows NT 4.0 domain. You upgrade the domain to a single Active Directory domain. All network servers now run Windows Server 2003, and all client computers run Windows XP Professional. Your staff provides technical support to the network. They frequently establish Remote Desktop connections with a domain controller named DC1.You hire 25 new support specialists for your staff. You use Csvde.exe to create Active Directory user accounts for all 25. A new support specialist named King reports that he cannot establish a Remote Desktop connection with DC1. He receives the message shown in the Logon Message exhibit: You open Gpedit.msc on DC1. You see the display shown in the Security Policy exhibit: You need to ensure that King can establish Remote Desktop connections with DC1. What should you do? 

A. Direct King to establish a VPN connection with DC1 before he starts Remote Desktop Connection. B. Direct King to set a password for his user account before he starts Remote Desktop Connection. C. In the local security policy of DC1, disable the Require strong (Windows 2000 or later) session key setting. D. In the local security policy of DC1, enable the Disable machine account password changes setting. 

Answer: B 

20. You are the network administrator for Contoso. All network servers run either Windows 2000 Server or Windows Server 2003, and all client computers run Windows XP Professional. A computer named ContosoSrvA runs Windows Server 2003 with IIS 6.0 installed. On following permissions on Web Folder: Read, Write, and Directory Browsing. When users try to access Web Folder as a Web folder from Internet Explorer, they receive the error message shown in the exhibit. You need to ensure that all users can access Web Folder as a Web folder. What should you do? 

A. Restart the World Wide Web Publishing Service on A. B. Enable anonymous access to Web Folder. C. Modify the Execute permissions to allow scripts and executable files. D. Enable the Web DAV Web service extension on ContosoSrv A. 

Answer: D 